and very puts are people such as this
welcome to a new tutorial on
how to make a basic mushroom farm or
be good, good people, let's start
because objects can be created with mushrooms
and then let's see where we can
find this mushroom people with these
we can create eye of fermented spiders
and mushroom stew which would be
to cure
our hungry ballet and it becomes quite
easy is practically big food and
if we have enough mushrooms and
players already fermented to corrupt
the portions for example a choice of
instant healing as one will become
Instant damage potion is worth fine
let's see where we can find the
good people the mushrooms where more some
they are in more rum island in the language of
mushrooms by default and in mega traigas
where other vouchers are normally generated
It also creates a lot in swamps of
luxury in forest and you're never allowed
create a lot people can be
find on top of stone and even
over earth tree buttons
normal
go to kick voucher and over read
even on the pedro by people
this is the second version of mushrooms already
what tour is worth has to meet
minimum requirements to grow as it has
been normal will not grow worth and well the
maximum height of these mushrooms is 7 of
height are worth two are 7 tall
both the clothes and the brown and good the
people usually think that this mushroom is more
small about him rather well since he's
forgiven for getting the animal worth
good good people the way to pick up
these mushrooms is simply with an ax
the truth is that quite well already
that thanks to the nhtsa if you put off
very fast as you see in a moment the
you take off and the brown mushroom exactly
same and as you see they do not make us
positivity because they are very high
realities are of the maximum acts but
in the end it ends up being quite old
ballet and good we go with the following thing
but good people to do what to do
our giant headquarters we must remove a
weak block of mycelia or gate and
that they will need to grow in these blocks
in the mycelium and in photos can grow
if without having in darkness it is worth
directly by day we apply town
of bone and it will grow instantly is worth but
if we do not have these resources and we want
plant in a weak block you see that no
you can also try this to be
ran then it's worth what we owe
to do is a small one a small
upward platform is worth to give
darkness we raised 7 blocks 3 4 5 6 7
which is the maximum height and we upload one
more and this we remove what is good
the mushroom can grow up here and up
here we do not make a minimum platform of
2 wide on each side is worth as you see what
You can make bigger but smaller
not because we do not leave our recipe worth
we put this if this and this continues
I should let you plant them in this
we perfectly apply the mobile
well let's go with next good for the
people from the farm of small paths is
pretty simple and I like it quite
the truth I do not come to do the purchase
instead of with brush I since the
mystery is rather more difficult to
find that the time to deny so
so much let's make it
with funds and we are going to provoke our
mushroom is worth anything
the red or the brown and we're going to place
an extension so tiny down
of our land is worth in theory of
can be with another type of blog even
with wood but I want you to come back so much
with this since in my opinion it extends
faster, it could also be put
one more row but I do not come to
do what
since it is only going to expand 5 mushrooms
well this is that this is being
is going to provide pesetas here is worth here
down but it's also going to expand towards
above plus servat it is worth therefore that
is only prepare this here
and to this one here therefore this one already
would be worth it, but if you want, you can
keep going up for example like here
another block and another one is here so
both this mushroom will also affect this
just like this one will also affect this
law and so you can continue upload everything
what do you want I really only recommend
do this with your flower pot here
example this one
and here next you put what you join for
brown is worth yes and exactly the same
they were but you can put the
stuck is worth here for example and good
people would be more or less like that I think
which is pretty good since you go through
here a few taps and pick up
all the signs you have and here
exactly the same goes for here and now
these people when I hope that I have
liked this tutorial and you know the
X favorites chao